EY is the only professional services firm with a separate business unit (“FSO”) that is dedicated to the financial services marketplace. Our FSO teams have been at the forefront of every event that has reshaped and redefined the financial services industry. If you have a passion for rallying together to solve the most complex challenges in the financial services industry, come join our dynamic FSO team!
The Opportunity
Today’s clients are looking to transform processes and organizations, and achieve data-driven growth.
Data science seniors come from a variety of technical backgrounds and apply statistical and machine learning models to business problems ranging from traditional econometrics, to NLP, and Deep Learning. As a member of the Advanced Analytics team, you’ll work in a highly collaborative environment with clients, experienced data science practitioners, subject matter experts, and other advisory professionals to drive business value through the use of advanced analytics. This is a high growth, high visibility area with opportunities to enhance your skillset and build your career. EY’s Advanced Analytics team supports both internal business teams and external clients in developing innovative techniques and methods, product solutions, and proof-of-concepts.
The business problems our clients are facing today are not the same problems they have faced in the past. The rapid pace of development in AI and the technology that enables it has created an urgent need to innovate and adapt to the new global business paradigm. Financial institutions are looking to build smarter and more efficient ways to operate their business, create new revenue streams, and better manage risk, through new opportunities uncovered by their data. We believe that to fully unlock the potential of AI and advanced analytics we need to look not only at the application of AI, but also at the strategy level for how best to transform the enterprise into one that is technology and data focused and ready for the new age. Our clients’ problems are becoming increasingly complex while at the same time the need to automate and streamline is rising.
Your key responsibilities
Analyze structured and unstructured data at scale to derive new insights and opportunities
Build and validate predictive models
Advise clients and project teams on leading data science practices
Create data-driven business recommendations
Contribute to internal research and development efforts in cutting edge areas including NLP, graph analytics, and deep learning / AISkills and attributes for success
Fostering an innovative and inclusive team-oriented work environment
Leading and coaching diverse teams of professionals with different backgrounds
Demonstrating in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge
Establishing strong relationships with the clients
Working in an entrepreneurial environment to pave your own career pathTo qualify for the role you’ll need
A MSc in a technical field like Computer Science, Econometrics, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related field
Practical experience with advanced machine learning techniques and big data technologies
An understanding of the latest industry developments in Big Data and AI such as graph databases, Natural Language Processing, and neural networks
A thorough understanding of common languages and libraries used in machine learning (such as R, C, Java or Python. Experience with big data tools, Hive, Spark, Neo4j, etc. a plus)
Excellent business, communication and presentation skills (experience in financial services domains a plus, but not required)
The ability to translate complex information into non-technical, easy to understand languageIdeally, you’ll also have
A PhD in a technical field like Computer Science, Econometrics, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related fieldWhat we look for
We’re looking for well-rounded, technical, and intellectually curious individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit and a genuine desire to influence entire industries. You’ll need great analytical, strategic and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle new responsibilities and challenges. If you’re ready to own complex projects and bring new perspectives to a constantly evolving industry, this role is for you.
What working at EY offers
We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of three weeks of vacation plus 10 observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social wellbeing.
Plus, we offer
Support, coaching and feedback from some of the best colleagues around
Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you
A rewards package tailored to your unique needsIf you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.
About EY
As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. And with a commitment to hiring and developing the most passionate people, we’ll make our ambition to be the best employer by 2020 a reality. .
