Digital Intelligence
Data Scientist – Applied Machine Learning
JPMorgan Chase Consumer and Community Banking (CCB) serves 50 million customers with a broad range of consumer financial services, including personal banking, investment advice, small business lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments and auto financing. Our 160,000 employees serve our customers by following Chase's Five Keys to A Great Customer Experience.
As a JPMorgan Chase & Co employee, you'll be part of a company that makes a real difference every day for our customers, our communities and ourselves. With a focus on customer service, you'll put others first, do what's right and create solutions that make lives better. We invite you to build your career on our strong foundation and help shape what's next - for you and for us.
At JPMorgan Chase & Co, we have undertaken an aggressive digital transformation initiative, which builds on the success of our current mobile and online service offerings. We are investing in innovative ways to deepen customer engagement, satisfaction and profitability through the use of digital channels. The ambition is to position Chase as the undisputed leader in digital financial services and payments, and to enable delivery of highly personalized, real-time experiences that customers increasingly expect. To achieve this, we are currently recruiting a world-class team to build out our next-generation digital platform and capabilities. We think of ourselves as a start-up within the firm and we are building many capabilities from scratch using the latest technologies
Digital Intelligence Data Scientist – Applied Machine Learning
The Digital Intelligence team turns the firm’s billions of credit and debit transactions, clickstream events, and other datasets, into useful insights and proprietary data products to deeply personalize the digital experience of our millions of customers. Whether it’s building a social media-style graph of our consumers and merchants, optimizing ad targeting on Chase.com/paid-media search, recommending the most relevant hotels on our rewards website or detecting fraudulent behavior in our digital platform, we work at the intersection of statistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence and engineering to tackle some of the most challenging and interesting problems you will find in digital banking, targeting, commerce and payment. Many companies claim that they have “big data”. We live and breathe it every day.
We are currently looking for a data scientist who is passionate about solving real-world business problems using Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence techniques. You will be designing, developing and deploying large-scale Machine Learning systems using our rich online and offline datasets and a wide variety of big data tools.
This is not a role for everyone and we have a high bar. We are looking for those select few who thrive in a dynamic environment, have big ideas and goals, and believe in testing ideas rather than talking about them. They pride themselves at being curious and generalists, able to tackle any problem that comes their way. They love building data products and production-grade models without needing an army of engineers, and love learning new skills along the way. They feel comfortable working with a diverse group of colleagues, e.g. designers, product managers, business analysts and engineers. You will be joining one of the most elite data science teams we have assembled on Wall Street: several of us have worked at Internet and start-up companies before joining the team. You will work on some of the most fascinating and challenging problems, work with the latest technologies, and will enjoy working with colleagues who are just as passionate and curious as you.
Masters expected, PhD preferred in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence
2+ years of industry experience in building large scale end-to-end machine learning systems using a combination of big data tools and programming languages like Scala, Java and/or Python
Knowledge of parallel and distributed computing frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, MPI, using GPUs
Experience in machine learning areas such as recommender systems, NLP, pattern recognition, predictive modeling, Artificial Intelligence
Experience implementing machine learning algorithms such as support vector machines, decision trees, logistic regression, clustering, neural networks, graphical models etc., or extending open-source libraries such as Mahout, Spark MlLib, GraphLab etc.
You are curious, have a research mindset, love bringing logic and structure to loosely defined unstructured problems and ideas.
You hold yourself and your colleagues to a high bar, and take great pride in your attention to details. You inspire us to aim higher.
You are resilient, fearless, passionate, and creative.
