Quartz seeks a data scientist to help us improve with data. This position will lead data collection and analysis for all of our products, helping the product and editorial teams make better-informed decisions and optimize their efforts to serve and grow Quartz’s audience.
We have a diverse array of products with rich usage data and interesting challenges: QZ.com, our flagship website; the Quartz Daily Brief and four other popular emails; apps for iOS and Android; Atlas, a user-generated charted platform; and more. These are created by a talented group of designers, engineers, and product managers with whom you would work every day. And you would do it all within a forward-thinking newsroom that puts its users first and foremost.
The Data Scientist will:
analyze key questions about our products and their users;
know the questions we should be asking of our data;
implement a variety of algorithms (e.g. supervised and unsupervised machine learning, Bayesian MCMC) to support important product decisions
develop models for data collection in our products;
proactively study our data for new insights
Yes, it’s a big job! And it’s a new role for us, though you won’t be on your own in working with data at Quartz. You would be joining our analytics team, which consists of several analysts, data engineers, and a product scientist. And we have robust tracking on most of our existing products, which means you’d have rich data with which to work on day one.
To be successful in this job, you will of course need experience as a data scientist, product analyst, or something similar. And we also expect you will bring technical skills to the role: proficiency with big data cloud solutions and open source analytic tools. Experience with Python (Pandas and Scikit-Learn) is preferred, though we don’t insist on a particular language. It’s important that you can analyze and visualize data on your own.
Previous experience in media isn’t crucial, but it could definitely help. Regardless, you should have a strong interest in Quartz’s work and the many ways in which digital journalism products are different from other kinds of products. Most importantly, you should be a voice for the value of data and importance of rigorous analysis in a newsroom environment.
This job reports to the director of analytics. Candidates who can work in our New York office are strongly preferred, since our entire product team is located there, but we’ll consider applications from other locations. Please include with your application a cover letter and, if at all possible, a sample of your work in data science (github repo, a report, or other indication of what you can do).
Atlantic Media Values:
Across Atlantic Media, generally, the firm looks for two “pillar gifts” in its candidates. In all of us, these are more aspirational than actual, but they are central in our intentions.
Force of Ideas: At the center of Atlantic Media work are the ideas within our writing. We believe that ideas – to the good and not – have consequence. Our highest work is bringing rigor, insight, intellectual honesty, to that ultimate purpose of separating the bad from the good, giving voice, argument, and flight to the latter.
Spirit of Generosity: Atlantic Media seeks in its ranks a spirit of generosity – a natural disposition in each colleague toward service and selfless conduct. Atlantic Media writing should be cut from the same cloth – critical on the merits but informed by charity and forbearance in measuring motive and personal character.Atlantic Media is an EOE of Minorities/Women/Vets/Disability.
