My client a growing leader in the AdTech space has hit rapid growth mode!.... They are looking an experienced Data Scientist to build a custom pricing platform. Your vision will be to build tools that help determine how much of each product to buy, to recommend the best prices for said products, and to ensure that the clients have the right level of logistics capacity to fulfill their demand. The Pricing and Forecasting engineering team uses cutting edge technology to forecast demand and pricing with focus on business and customer experience.
Responsibilities and Duties What you'll do: Influence pricing decisions through advanced statistical techniques and concepts. Uses predictive modeling, data mining, segmentation and other statistical analyses to optimize revenue and retail sales performance for our clients. Recommends, designs, and evaluates pricing tests to help drive business growth and impact strategic decisions. Works collaboratively across the organization to understand their need and challenges providing thought leadership and perspective around appropriate statistical analyses to address those issues.

Is an advocate for implementing pricing best practices and identifying opportunities to improve decision making. Qualifications and skills Required: You are experienced in the latest technologies and processes to transform an insight into a model and to deploy a highly scalable service. You also posses good programming skills (preferably Python), ML frameworks (TensorFlow, R), SQL/NoSQL, AWS. You have a solid academic history and a proven track record in research and innovation in the field of machine learning and optimization.

Leadership in is you blood as you will be required to act as a role model and a mentor to the more junior data scientists as the team grows. This is currently a growing team so you need to be able to communicate on varying levels! In any case, your strong analytical skills help you easily translate data insights into business opportunities. You hold subject expertise in traditional and statistical models.

Including but not limited to; generalized linear modeling, regression, time series, naive Bayesian classifiers, parametric statistical analysis, error calculation. You also hold knowledge of optimization techniques and linear programming.
