MORE ABOUT THIS JOB
Consumer and Commercial Banking (CCBD)
Consumer and Commercial Banking brings innovative solutions to traditional banking activities. We are a global team of lenders, investors, risk managers, skilled marketers, web experts and banking specialists. We provide a suite of solutions to help our customers meet their personal financial goals. We make direct investments in, and risk manage, a portfolio of corporate loans and securities. And we help transform distressed communities through investments and loans of private capital.

Digital Finance Description
Digital Finance, a subdivision of CCBD, is composed of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses which include the global online consumer deposits business and the US online consumer lending business, the firm’s first-ever direct-to-consumer platform built from the ground up. Digital Finance combines the strength and heritage of a 147-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. This unique dynamic allows us to help our customers achieve financial progress through customizable solutions that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS
Job Summary & Responsibilities
You will be part of the decision and data science function for Marcus: including contributing to the development of underwriting models, customer segmentation methodologies, marketing targeting, attribution and response models, as well as the evaluation of new data sources and performing advanced data processing
You will carry out data processing and analysis including statistical analysis, variable selection, dimensionality reduction, custom attribute engineering,
You will help with the design, development, evaluation and monitoring of predictive models and advanced algorithms that help the business to drive decisions throughout the customer lifecycle (prospecting, acquisition, underwriting, fraud, collections, ).
You will leverage methods from diverse disciplines such as machine learning, statistical modelling, information theory, information retrieval and other areas to gain customer insights, draw conclusions and work with business partners to put those insights into
You will work closely with business partners, technology and customer analytics teams to evaluate new and alternate data sources as well as computing paradigms and analytical
You will participate in data architecture decisions and partner with technology teams to implement models/algorithms in production
You will be part of a growing and exciting team and will help document your assumptions, methodologies, as well as carry out validation and testing to facilitate peer reviews and independent model validation
Qualifications
Advanced degree (PhD or Masters) in quantitative areas like Applied Math, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related
Hands-on experience with multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, time series analysis, information theory, machine learning, clustering, and/or dimensionality reduction techniques in financial services, customer analytics, digital marketing, or similar
Prior modeling experience in credit risk, marketing response modeling and forecasting
Experience with Machine Learning techniques including neural networks, Hidden Markov Models, support vector machines, and random forests, and others, is highly
Experience working with large data sets, Big Data tools and stack (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, ).
Experience with one or more modeling tools (R, Matlab, Octave, ) and one or more mainstream programming language (Python, Java, C, Scala, C, C++, etc.).
Experience with consumer products/services (including but not limited to: consumer lending, mobile banking applications, deposits etc.)
Ability to explain complex statistical models and analysis to drive business
Experience working in a start-up business or a new business line within a larger organization is preferred.ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2018. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.
